hi guys so I decided to do a tutorial on
how to do newspaper nails so this is
kind of what they look like
and there's so much fun and everyone's
gonna ask you how did you do that and
then I'll try to explain it to them and
they'll be like you stuck a newspaper on
your nail and you'll be like no no no no
no I just the ink from the newspaper um
right now um so I've been explaining how
to do this so like everyone at work so I
hope you guys enjoyed this tutorial and
just keep watching to know how to do
them take a white nail polish I'm using
Sally Hansen's insta-dry flashdrive nail
color and the color whirlwind white
number 120 what these are gonna paint
all of your nails
I'm gonna paint some of my nails a
second time but other than that I'm just
gonna fill in the spots where I feel
like it needs a little bit more white if
your nails must be completely dry before
you move on to the next part then a
pieces from your newspaper where there's
enough writing to cover your whole
entire nail
now take a cup and 91% alcohol you could
use the other percentage too but I just
find that this one works better for a
little bit and because you only need
enough to dip your newspaper into the
alcohol
take your first piece of newspaper and
dip it into the alcohol you want to make
sure it's all coated with the liquid
wipe off any excess to the alcohol on
the sides of your cup
please the newspaper on your nail and
wrap it around your finger so that the
newspaper stays in place and doesn't
move around if you're pressing down
firmly most of the ink should transform
onto your now however if you want sort
of a faded out effect make sure to focus
the pressure on the middle of your nail
to show you what the faded out effect
looks like I only focus the pressure on
the middle of my now if you don't want
the faded out effects but you got it
anyway just take out a newspaper and
place this film on your now as well
focus the pressure on the places where
the ink isn't really there but you have
to make sure to be careful with this
step just because sometimes the ink will
may overlap then just continue these
steps with the rest of your nails
once you're done with that this is what
we should have
but these nails is very important to put
on a clear top coat or the ink may start
to come off and feed and now we're all
done with our newspaper nails so I think
that was like the easiest nail tutorial
in the world it's not like I did nine
you just literally take a newspaper and
you stick it on your nail and then just
peel it off and the ink is there so um
you don't need any nail art tools or
anything so it's probably one of the
easiest new titurius I have done so I
hope you guys thought it was easy too
and I'll see you guys in the next video
have fun with the newspaper nails bye